Math(Topics in mathematics that every educated person needs to know to process, evaluate, and understand the numerical and graphical information in our society. Applications of mathematics in problem solving, finance, probability, statistics, geometry, population growth. Note: This course does not cover the algebra and pre-calculus skills needed for calculus.)
Biology(Emphasizes important biological concepts and principles common to all living organisms. Topics include the cell, energetics, genetics, physiology, evolution, and ecology. Integrates laboratory and classroom work. Fulfills lab science requirement for non-science majors.)
Physics(A course in elementary physics, covers the basic concepts, principles and history of physics. Course topics will include selected topics in mechanics, heat, light, sound, electricity and magnetism, and modern physics.)
Chemistry(Introduction to the general principles of chemistry for students planning a professional career in chemistry, a related science, the health professions, or engineering. Stoichiometry, atomic structure, chemical bonding and geometry, thermochemistry, gases, types of chemical reactions, statistics.)
Statistics(STAT 101 is an introductory course in statistics intended for students in a wide variety of areas of study. Topics discussed include displaying and describing data, the normal curve, regression, probability, statistical inference, confidence intervals, and hypothesis tests with applications in the real world.)
Programming(Introduction to computer programming concepts with emphasis on structured program logic and design. Procedural and object oriented concepts are introduced. ... This course does not teach a particular programming language but rather emphasizes problem solving techniques that can be applied to programming in any language.)
DesignPatterns(This is an advanced course in the structure of object-oriented systems, covering both design and programming. It is based around the notion of a design pattern: an abstraction of a proven solution to a recurring problem in a particular context in system structure and behaviour.)
Marketing(This course studies the interacting business activities designed to plan, price, promote and distribute want-satisfying products and services to present and potential customers. The course incorporates current developments in marketing to acquaint students with the present-day challenges of marketing activities.)
Sociology(An elective course centered on the behavior of people in groups. Topics included are socialization, institutions, social interaction, social change, collective behavior, and competition in society. Activities include library research, group activities and simulations, as well as standard testing.)
English(This course emphasizes the fundamental language skills of reading, writing, speaking, listening, thinking, viewing and presenting. ... The course includes studies of various literary genres: short story, poetry, novel, drama, and non-fiction.)
